A grown woman and her sister will accompany you. Wait a minute.
As a royal noble flyer,
How can you win over a commoner?
Why don't you get up quickly?
It's all bad for grown-ups. If a grown-up girl makes her sister angry,
Sister Qing, forgive me, my second sister-in-law doesn’t seem to have a petty temperament,
You are a noble person like this, Second Sister-in-law Zhang,
It can't be lowered too much. It's something that a grown woman can't think about.
Thank you, Your Majesty, for speaking out for me,
Otherwise, would the husband be afraid that he would be charged with being exempted from the royal family?
Okay, no need for distance,
Let’s all do it,
Today is a strict family rule, the chairperson does not need to reason.
Just feel free to do it,
Listen, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep
There is a princess and a tree with two virtues
some days ago
King Rui’s hand is injured
Even the imperial physician of this palace
Can't always
As a result, Princess Rui
overnight
Just cure King Rui
I really don't know
It’s Princess Rui’s Kazuki
Where did the blood come from?
What happened when King Rui injured his hand
We didn't want to make a big deal out of it
Unexpectedly, I found out after checking it out at the end of the year.